Adding section about rust-analyzer in README (#4)
Rust-for-Linux/rust-out-of-tree-module: README.md

For details about the Rust support, see https://github.com/Rust-for-Linux/linux.

For details about out-of-tree modules, see https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/kbuild/modules.html.

> ## Rust-analyzer

Reviewer: I think they don't capitalize it:

```suggestion
## rust-analyzer

```

Also please add an empty line (we do the same for the title).

> Rust-for-Linux supports building a `rust-project.json` configuration for [`rust-analyzer`](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/), including for out-of-tree modules:

Reviewer: I think you didn't notice the dashes -- GitHub did not highlight them because I edited more bits. It looks like if I only touch that, it shows them:

```suggestion
Rust for Linux supports building a `rust-project.json` configuration for [`rust-analyzer`](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/), including for out-of-tree modules:
```

Author: Ah yes I did, thank you!

> Rust-for-Linux supports building a `rust-project.json` configuration for [`rust-analyzer`](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/) and you can use this
> to build a configuration for your out-of-tree module:

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Rust for Linux supports building a `rust-project.json` configuration for [`rust-analyzer`](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/), including for out-of-tree modules:
```
